Send these media we're not take a look GOOD us sell products and not sell products.
So fears we're gonna have a problem.
And you can see we have that back with 0 9.
So we're going out with back with three so and so and to me is great here.
So then we're going to copy this man's description and we're going to page right here.
And you can see we have 12 ratios are going up well.
And then select always right here.
And also on the choose from the most used tax we're going to select is bath home on the top.
You can click here and set the match and then when I click in that I can see it right here.
So now we said the provi much and polish these that will back with three sticking up in these.
And you can see everything is working.
We have the name of the brother we have the prize we have the description and the quantity and everything
for this great little you can see that we have that we're right here and this one saves $9.
So we have one to well with $9 and we have another one with $12.
So you can open these and click on it.
Maybe you can make this a little more expensive because three hours for $12 and this one is one table
for $9 where you are going to add 35 or something like that of course.
I don't have any idea how much this goes.
Bat For example now we have in the.
Well these one that goes $9.
And he quickly hit on the brother.
You can see that we have upsets.
And then we have grassroots.
If you're over here on the question mark you can see that we ourselves are products which you recommend
instead of the car and you're broke for example of products that are more profitable or better quality
or more expensive.
Their idea here is that you show up roll that is more expensive and where you can earn more money.
So for example in this case we're going at all well and you can see we have to well back with three.
So we're going to like this one and up.
Then again I'm going up in the link brokes and Kid Recap curses.
And if I go over here you can see Russels are brokes which you promote in the cart based on the current
drug.
So for example is this going to be a complementary product of the star.
And we cannot become good because we want or stores to buy more things from our website.
So now we have the obsolete set up to sit down with three and then we have the cross-sell they come
are they Deeson and told
and it's going to read these when I'm going out and these I can see we have the towel and you can see
we have you may also like and this is the opposite approach.
You can see how upset right here and now you can see Cup.
You may also like.
So they use that kind of scroll here and see these program and it's going to be like this one and it's
going to work showing different options of course.
So for example if they use sorites land right he hadn't got.
And then Bukhara right here you can see that with have the cup and you can see how you may be interested
in and make up you have the complementary pro or in this case they cross and probabl.
So now you can see for example if they use it out to the cart and you can see we have something like
this.
So that's something really nice.
So remember they're upset it broke some more expensive pro and the cross-sell pro.
It's a complimentary approach.
Something that we show to the user that will be a nice complement of the current probe.
And then going out one right here and one of the that got Megan think we have to make these.
So this is looking nice.
If your bin brothers are here now you can see or a star has now 3 brokes.
So that's something really nice.
So let's continue in the next video.